packages/webpack-config/README.md, before:

<!-- Title -->
<h1 align="center">
👋 Welcome to <br/><code>@expo/webpack-config</code>
</h1>

<!-- Header -->

<p align="center">
    <b>Webpack config that's optimized for running universal React and react-native-web projects</b>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a aria-label="Circle CI" href="https://circleci.com/gh/expo/expo-cli/tree/master">
        <img alt="Circle CI" src="https://flat.badgen.net/circleci/github/expo/expo-cli?label=Circle%20CI&labelColor=555555&icon=circleci">
    </a>
</p>

---

## [Documentation][docs]

To learn more about how to use this Webpack config, check out the docs here: [Customizing the Webpack config][docs]

### Contributing to the docs

- [Documentation for the master branch][docs-latest]
- [Documentation for the latest stable release][docs]

## API

Running `expo customize:web` will generate this default config in your project.

```js
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(env, argv);
  // Customize the config before returning it.
  return config;
};
```

## Types

### `Environment`

The main options used to configure how `@expo/webpack-config` works.

| name                        | type                                    | default     | description                                                                    |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `projectRoot`               | `string`                                | required    | Root of the Expo project.                                                      |
| `https`                     | `boolean`                               | `false`     | Should the dev server use https protocol.                                      |
| `offline`                   | `boolean`                               | `true`      | Passing `false` will disable offline support and skip adding a service worker. |
| `mode`                      | `Mode`                                  | required    | The Webpack mode to bundle the project in.                                     |
| `platform`                  | [`ExpoPlatform`](#ExpoPlatform)         | required    | The target platform to bundle for. Only `web` and `electron` are supported.    |
| `removeUnusedImportExports` | `boolean`                               | `false`     | Enables advanced tree-shaking with deep scope analysis.                        |
| `pwa`                       | `boolean`                               | `true`      | Generate the PWA image assets in production mode.                              |
| `babel`                     | [`ExpoBabelOptions`](#ExpoBabelOptions) | `undefined` | Control how the default Babel loader is configured.                            |

### `Environment` internal

| name        | type         | default     | description                                                        |
| ----------- | ------------ | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `config`    | `ExpoConfig` | `undefined` | The Expo project config, this should be read using `@expo/config`. |
| `locations` | `FilePaths`  | `undefined` | Paths used to locate where things are.                             |

### `ExpoPlatform`

| type                                     | description                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `'ios' | 'android' | 'web' | 'electron'` | The target platform to bundle for. Only `web` and `electron` are supported. |

### `ExpoBabelOptions`

Control how the default Babel loader is configured.

| name                                   | type       | default     | description                                                               |
| -------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `dangerouslyAddModulePathsToTranspile` | `string[]` | `undefined` | Add the names of node_modules that should be included transpilation step. |

## Guides

### PWAs

- See the docs for [`expo-pwa`](../pwa) to learn more about creating the assets manually.
- Disable automatic PWA generation with `expo build:web --no-pwa`.
- `expo build:web` will automatically skip any PWA asset that's already linked in the project's local `web/index.html`.
- Having sharp CLI installed globally will speed up asset generation, if it's not installed, Jimp will be used instead.

#### Chrome PWAs

##### Manifest.json

The `manifest.json` will be created using the values in the project's `app.config.js`:

Generating the `manifest.json` will be skipped if the following exists in the project's `web/index.html`:

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link rel="manifest" href="..." />
```

</details>

If the `icons` array is defined in your `manifest.json`, then Chrome PWA icon generation will be skipped.

##### Chrome PWA Icons

Icons will be generated using the file defined in your `app.config.js` under `android.icon` and it'll fallback to `icon`.

<details><summary>Show manifest.json</summary>

```json
{
  "icons": [
    {
      "src": "...",
      "sizes": "144x144",
      "type": "image/png"
    },
    {
      "src": "...",
      "sizes": "192x192",
      "type": "image/png"
    },
    {
      "src": "...",
      "sizes": "512x512",
      "type": "image/png"
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

#### Favicons

Favicons will be generated using the file defined in your `app.config.js` under `web.favicon` and it'll fallback to `icon`.

Asset generation for Favicons will be individually skipped if any of the following fields exist in your `web/index.html`:

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="..." />
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="..." />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="..." />
```

</details>

#### Safari PWAs

Icons will be generated using the file defined in your `app.config.js` under `ios.icon` and it'll fallback to `icon`. The splash screens look at `ios.splash` and fallback to `splash`.

Asset generation for Safari PWA icons/splash screens will be individually skipped if any of the following fields exist in your `web/index.html`:

##### Icons

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="..." />
```

</details>

##### Splash Screens

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 568px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 568px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 812px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 812px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 667px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 667px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
```

</details>

### Include modules

You may find that you want to include universal modules that aren't part of the default modules. You can do this by customizing the Webpack config:

```ts
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(
    {
      ...env,
      babel: {
        dangerouslyAddModulePathsToTranspile: [
          // Ensure that all packages starting with @evanbacon are transpiled.
          '@evanbacon',
        ],
      },
    },
    argv
  );
  return config;
};
```

**`withUnimodules`**

If you're adding support to some other Webpack config like in Storybook or Gatsby you can use the same process to include custom modules:

```ts
const { withUnimodules } = require('@expo/webpack-config/addons');

module.exports = function() {
  const someWebpackConfig = {
    /* Your custom Webpack config */
  };

  // Add Expo support...
  const configWithExpo = withUnimodules(someWebpackConfig, {
    projectRoot: __dirname,
    babel: {
      dangerouslyAddModulePathsToTranspile: [
        // Ensure that all packages starting with @evanbacon are transpiled.
        '@evanbacon',
      ],
    },
  });

  return configWithExpo;
};
```

This method should be used instead of using the `expo.web.build.babel.include` field of the `app.json`.

### Modify the babel loader

If you want to modify the babel loader further, you can retrieve it using the helper method `getExpoBabelLoader` like this:

```ts
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');
const { getExpoBabelLoader } = require('@expo/webpack-config/utils');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(env, argv);
  const loader = getExpoBabelLoader(config);
  if (loader) {
    // Modify the loader...
  }
  return config;
};
```

### Service workers

Service workers are great for emulating native functionality, so Expo web takes full advantage of them. But sometimes you'll need to drop down and modify them yourself.

#### How Expo service workers ... work

By default Expo web has a two part service worker. The first part `web/expo-service-worker.js` setups up optional features of the Expo SDK like Notifications. The second part `web/service-worker.js` is generated by [Workbox][workbox] and manages the offline support.

The entry point for the service workers is a file called: [`register-service-worker.js`](./web-default/register-service-worker.js). This file gets copied to your static folder and registered in Webpack's `entry` property (which is why you don't see it referenced in `index.html`).

#### Extending the service worker

If you'd like to add extra functionality, you can simply:

- Eject the Webpack config: `expo customize:web`
  - Select `web/expo-service-worker.js`
- Modify the `web/expo-service-worker.js` however you'd like!

#### Fully disabling the service worker

This can have some unfortunate side-effects as application libraries like expo-notifications may expect the SW to exist. Proceed with caution.

- Eject the Webpack config: `expo customize:web`
  - Select `webpack.config.js`
- Modify the `webpack.config.js`:

```js
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  // Set offline to `false`
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync({ ...env, offline: false }, argv);
  return config;
};
```

- This will do the following:
  - Skip registering [`register-service-worker.js`](./web-default/register-service-worker.js) in the Webpack config `entry`.
  - Skip including the [Webpack Workbox plugin][workbox] and creating the `web/service-worker.js`.
  - Skip including the [`web/expo-service-worker.js`](./web-default/expo-service-worker.js)

[workbox]: https://developers.google.com/web/tools/workbox

## Exports

### addons

For adding features to an existing Webpack config.

#### `withUnimodules`

```js
import { withUnimodules } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

Wrap your existing webpack config with support for Unimodules (Expo web). ex: **Storybook** `({ config }) => withUnimodules(config)`

**params**

- `webpackConfig: AnyConfiguration = {}` Optional existing Webpack config to modify.
- `env: InputEnvironment = {}` Optional [`Environment`][#environment] options for configuring what features the Webpack config supports.
- `argv: Arguments = {}`

#### `withWorkbox`

Add offline support with Workbox (`workbox-webpack-plugin`).

```js
import { withWorkbox } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withOptimizations`

```js
import { withOptimizations } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withAlias`

Apply aliases to a Webpack config.

```js
import { withAlias } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withDevServer`

```js
import { withDevServer } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withNodeMocks`

```js
import { withNodeMocks } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withEntry`

```js
import { withEntry } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withTypeScriptAsync`

```js
import { withTypeScriptAsync } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

### env

Getting the config, paths, mode, and various other settings in your environment.

#### `getConfig`

```js
import { getConfig } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getMode`

```js
import { getMode } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `validateEnvironment`

```js
import { validateEnvironment } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getAliases`

```js
import { getAliases } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getPaths`

```js
import { getPaths } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getPathsAsync`

```js
import { getPathsAsync } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getServedPath`

```js
import { getServedPath } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getPublicPaths`

```js
import { getPublicPaths } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getProductionPath`

```js
import { getProductionPath } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getAbsolute`

```js
import { getAbsolute } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getModuleFileExtensions`

```js
import { getModuleFileExtensions } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

### loaders

The module rules used to load various files.

#### `imageLoaderRule`

```js
import { imageLoaderRule } from '@expo/webpack-config/loaders';
```

This is needed for webpack to import static images in JavaScript files.
"url" loader works like "file" loader except that it embeds assets smaller than specified limit in bytes as data URLs to avoid requests.
A missing `test` is equivalent to a match.

#### `fallbackLoaderRule`

```js
import { fallbackLoaderRule } from '@expo/webpack-config/loaders';
```

"file" loader makes sure those assets get served by WebpackDevServer.
When you `import` an asset, you get its (virtual) filename.
In production, they would get copied to the `build` folder.
This loader doesn't use a "test" so it will catch all modules
that fall through the other loaders.

#### `styleLoaderRule`

```js
import { styleLoaderRule } from '@expo/webpack-config/loaders';
```

Default CSS loader.

### plugins

```js
import /* */ '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Custom versions of Webpack Plugins that are optimized for use with native React runtimes.

#### `ExpoDefinePlugin`

```js
import { ExpoDefinePlugin } from '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Required for `expo-constants` https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/constants/.
This surfaces the `app.json` (config) as an environment variable which is then parsed by `expo-constants`.

#### `ExpoHtmlWebpackPlugin`

```js
import { ExpoHtmlWebpackPlugin } from '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Generates an `index.html` file with the <script> injected.

#### `ExpoInterpolateHtmlPlugin`

```js
import { ExpoInterpolateHtmlPlugin } from '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Add variables to the `index.html`.

### utils

Tools for resolving fields, or searching and indexing loaders and plugins.

#### `resolveEntryAsync`

```js
import { resolveEntryAsync } from '@expo/webpack-config/utils';
```

## What it does not do

- **Gzip compression:** This was supported in beta but later removed in favor of hosting providers like [Now](http://now.sh/) and [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) automatically compressing files in the server.

## License

The Expo source code is made available under the [MIT license](LICENSE). Some of the dependencies are licensed differently, with the BSD license, for example.

<!-- Footer -->

---

<p>
    <a aria-label="sponsored by expo" href="http://expo.io">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsored_by-Expo-4630EB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=EXPO&labelColor=000&logoColor=fff" target="_blank" />
    </a>
    <a aria-label="expo webpack-config is free to use" href="/LICENSE" target="_blank">
        <img align="right" alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-success.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=33CC12" target="_blank" />
    </a>
</p>

[docs]: https://docs.expo.io/guides/customizing-webpack/
[docs-latest]: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/master/docs/pages/versions/unversioned/guides/customizing-webpack.md

Commit message:

Prevent overwriting environment variables in Next.js (#2177)
* Prevent overwriting environment in Next.js

* EXPO_WEBPACK_DEFINE_ENVIRONMENT_KEYS -> EXPO_WEBPACK_DEFINE_ENVIRONMENT_AS_KEYS

packages/webpack-config/README.md, after:

<!-- Title -->
<h1 align="center">
👋 Welcome to <br/><code>@expo/webpack-config</code>
</h1>

<!-- Header -->

<p align="center">
    <b>Webpack config that's optimized for running universal React and react-native-web projects</b>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a aria-label="Circle CI" href="https://circleci.com/gh/expo/expo-cli/tree/master">
        <img alt="Circle CI" src="https://flat.badgen.net/circleci/github/expo/expo-cli?label=Circle%20CI&labelColor=555555&icon=circleci">
    </a>
</p>

---

## [Documentation][docs]

To learn more about how to use this Webpack config, check out the docs here: [Customizing the Webpack config][docs]

### Contributing to the docs

- [Documentation for the master branch][docs-latest]
- [Documentation for the latest stable release][docs]

## API

Running `expo customize:web` will generate this default config in your project.

```js
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(env, argv);
  // Customize the config before returning it.
  return config;
};
```

## Types

### `Environment`

The main options used to configure how `@expo/webpack-config` works.

| name                        | type                                    | default     | description                                                                    |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `projectRoot`               | `string`                                | required    | Root of the Expo project.                                                      |
| `https`                     | `boolean`                               | `false`     | Should the dev server use https protocol.                                      |
| `offline`                   | `boolean`                               | `true`      | Passing `false` will disable offline support and skip adding a service worker. |
| `mode`                      | `Mode`                                  | required    | The Webpack mode to bundle the project in.                                     |
| `platform`                  | [`ExpoPlatform`](#ExpoPlatform)         | required    | The target platform to bundle for. Only `web` and `electron` are supported.    |
| `removeUnusedImportExports` | `boolean`                               | `false`     | Enables advanced tree-shaking with deep scope analysis.                        |
| `pwa`                       | `boolean`                               | `true`      | Generate the PWA image assets in production mode.                              |
| `babel`                     | [`ExpoBabelOptions`](#ExpoBabelOptions) | `undefined` | Control how the default Babel loader is configured.                            |

### `Environment` internal

| name        | type         | default     | description                                                        |
| ----------- | ------------ | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `config`    | `ExpoConfig` | `undefined` | The Expo project config, this should be read using `@expo/config`. |
| `locations` | `FilePaths`  | `undefined` | Paths used to locate where things are.                             |

### `ExpoPlatform`

| type                                     | description                                                                 |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `'ios' | 'android' | 'web' | 'electron'` | The target platform to bundle for. Only `web` and `electron` are supported. |

### `ExpoBabelOptions`

Control how the default Babel loader is configured.

| name                                   | type       | default     | description                                                               |
| -------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `dangerouslyAddModulePathsToTranspile` | `string[]` | `undefined` | Add the names of node_modules that should be included transpilation step. |

## Guides

### PWAs

- See the docs for [`expo-pwa`](../pwa) to learn more about creating the assets manually.
- Disable automatic PWA generation with `expo build:web --no-pwa`.
- `expo build:web` will automatically skip any PWA asset that's already linked in the project's local `web/index.html`.
- Having sharp CLI installed globally will speed up asset generation, if it's not installed, Jimp will be used instead.

#### Chrome PWAs

##### Manifest.json

The `manifest.json` will be created using the values in the project's `app.config.js`:

Generating the `manifest.json` will be skipped if the following exists in the project's `web/index.html`:

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link rel="manifest" href="..." />
```

</details>

If the `icons` array is defined in your `manifest.json`, then Chrome PWA icon generation will be skipped.

##### Chrome PWA Icons

Icons will be generated using the file defined in your `app.config.js` under `android.icon` and it'll fallback to `icon`.

<details><summary>Show manifest.json</summary>

```json
{
  "icons": [
    {
      "src": "...",
      "sizes": "144x144",
      "type": "image/png"
    },
    {
      "src": "...",
      "sizes": "192x192",
      "type": "image/png"
    },
    {
      "src": "...",
      "sizes": "512x512",
      "type": "image/png"
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

#### Favicons

Favicons will be generated using the file defined in your `app.config.js` under `web.favicon` and it'll fallback to `icon`.

Asset generation for Favicons will be individually skipped if any of the following fields exist in your `web/index.html`:

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="..." />
<link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="..." />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="..." />
```

</details>

#### Safari PWAs

Icons will be generated using the file defined in your `app.config.js` under `ios.icon` and it'll fallback to `icon`. The splash screens look at `ios.splash` and fallback to `splash`.

Asset generation for Safari PWA icons/splash screens will be individually skipped if any of the following fields exist in your `web/index.html`:

##### Icons

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="..." />
```

</details>

##### Splash Screens

<details><summary>Show HTML</summary>

```html
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 568px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 320px) and (device-height: 568px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 896px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 812px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 812px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 414px) and (device-height: 736px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 3) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 667px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: landscape)"
  href="..."
/>
<link
  rel="apple-touch-startup-image"
  media="screen and (device-width: 375px) and (device-height: 667px) and (-webkit-device-pixel-ratio: 2) and (orientation: portrait)"
  href="..."
/>
```

</details>

### Include modules

You may find that you want to include universal modules that aren't part of the default modules. You can do this by customizing the Webpack config:

```ts
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(
    {
      ...env,
      babel: {
        dangerouslyAddModulePathsToTranspile: [
          // Ensure that all packages starting with @evanbacon are transpiled.
          '@evanbacon',
        ],
      },
    },
    argv
  );
  return config;
};
```

**`withUnimodules`**

If you're adding support to some other Webpack config like in Storybook or Gatsby you can use the same process to include custom modules:

```ts
const { withUnimodules } = require('@expo/webpack-config/addons');

module.exports = function() {
  const someWebpackConfig = {
    /* Your custom Webpack config */
  };

  // Add Expo support...
  const configWithExpo = withUnimodules(someWebpackConfig, {
    projectRoot: __dirname,
    babel: {
      dangerouslyAddModulePathsToTranspile: [
        // Ensure that all packages starting with @evanbacon are transpiled.
        '@evanbacon',
      ],
    },
  });

  return configWithExpo;
};
```

This method should be used instead of using the `expo.web.build.babel.include` field of the `app.json`.

### Modify the babel loader

If you want to modify the babel loader further, you can retrieve it using the helper method `getExpoBabelLoader` like this:

```ts
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');
const { getExpoBabelLoader } = require('@expo/webpack-config/utils');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync(env, argv);
  const loader = getExpoBabelLoader(config);
  if (loader) {
    // Modify the loader...
  }
  return config;
};
```

### Service workers

Service workers are great for emulating native functionality, so Expo web takes full advantage of them. But sometimes you'll need to drop down and modify them yourself.

#### How Expo service workers ... work

By default Expo web has a two part service worker. The first part `web/expo-service-worker.js` setups up optional features of the Expo SDK like Notifications. The second part `web/service-worker.js` is generated by [Workbox][workbox] and manages the offline support.

The entry point for the service workers is a file called: [`register-service-worker.js`](./web-default/register-service-worker.js). This file gets copied to your static folder and registered in Webpack's `entry` property (which is why you don't see it referenced in `index.html`).

#### Extending the service worker

If you'd like to add extra functionality, you can simply:

- Eject the Webpack config: `expo customize:web`
  - Select `web/expo-service-worker.js`
- Modify the `web/expo-service-worker.js` however you'd like!

#### Fully disabling the service worker

This can have some unfortunate side-effects as application libraries like expo-notifications may expect the SW to exist. Proceed with caution.

- Eject the Webpack config: `expo customize:web`
  - Select `webpack.config.js`
- Modify the `webpack.config.js`:

```js
const createExpoWebpackConfigAsync = require('@expo/webpack-config');

module.exports = async function(env, argv) {
  // Set offline to `false`
  const config = await createExpoWebpackConfigAsync({ ...env, offline: false }, argv);
  return config;
};
```

- This will do the following:
  - Skip registering [`register-service-worker.js`](./web-default/register-service-worker.js) in the Webpack config `entry`.
  - Skip including the [Webpack Workbox plugin][workbox] and creating the `web/service-worker.js`.
  - Skip including the [`web/expo-service-worker.js`](./web-default/expo-service-worker.js)

[workbox]: https://developers.google.com/web/tools/workbox

## Environment Variables

- `EXPO_WEBPACK_DEFINE_ENVIRONMENT_AS_KEYS`: Should the define plugin explicitly set environment variables like `process.env.FOO` instead of creating an object like `proces.env: { FOO }`. Defaults to `false`. Next.js uses this to prevent overwriting injected environment variables.

## Exports

### addons

For adding features to an existing Webpack config.

#### `withUnimodules`

```js
import { withUnimodules } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

Wrap your existing webpack config with support for Unimodules (Expo web). ex: **Storybook** `({ config }) => withUnimodules(config)`

**params**

- `webpackConfig: AnyConfiguration = {}` Optional existing Webpack config to modify.
- `env: InputEnvironment = {}` Optional [`Environment`][#environment] options for configuring what features the Webpack config supports.
- `argv: Arguments = {}`

#### `withWorkbox`

Add offline support with Workbox (`workbox-webpack-plugin`).

```js
import { withWorkbox } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withOptimizations`

```js
import { withOptimizations } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withAlias`

Apply aliases to a Webpack config.

```js
import { withAlias } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withDevServer`

```js
import { withDevServer } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withNodeMocks`

```js
import { withNodeMocks } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withEntry`

```js
import { withEntry } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

#### `withTypeScriptAsync`

```js
import { withTypeScriptAsync } from '@expo/webpack-config/addons';
```

### env

Getting the config, paths, mode, and various other settings in your environment.

#### `getConfig`

```js
import { getConfig } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getMode`

```js
import { getMode } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `validateEnvironment`

```js
import { validateEnvironment } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getAliases`

```js
import { getAliases } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getPaths`

```js
import { getPaths } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getPathsAsync`

```js
import { getPathsAsync } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getServedPath`

```js
import { getServedPath } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getPublicPaths`

```js
import { getPublicPaths } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getProductionPath`

```js
import { getProductionPath } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getAbsolute`

```js
import { getAbsolute } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

#### `getModuleFileExtensions`

```js
import { getModuleFileExtensions } from '@expo/webpack-config/env';
```

### loaders

The module rules used to load various files.

#### `imageLoaderRule`

```js
import { imageLoaderRule } from '@expo/webpack-config/loaders';
```

This is needed for webpack to import static images in JavaScript files.
"url" loader works like "file" loader except that it embeds assets smaller than specified limit in bytes as data URLs to avoid requests.
A missing `test` is equivalent to a match.

#### `fallbackLoaderRule`

```js
import { fallbackLoaderRule } from '@expo/webpack-config/loaders';
```

"file" loader makes sure those assets get served by WebpackDevServer.
When you `import` an asset, you get its (virtual) filename.
In production, they would get copied to the `build` folder.
This loader doesn't use a "test" so it will catch all modules
that fall through the other loaders.

#### `styleLoaderRule`

```js
import { styleLoaderRule } from '@expo/webpack-config/loaders';
```

Default CSS loader.

### plugins

```js
import /* */ '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Custom versions of Webpack Plugins that are optimized for use with native React runtimes.

#### `ExpoDefinePlugin`

```js
import { ExpoDefinePlugin } from '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Required for `expo-constants` https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/constants/.
This surfaces the `app.json` (config) as an environment variable which is then parsed by `expo-constants`.

#### `ExpoHtmlWebpackPlugin`

```js
import { ExpoHtmlWebpackPlugin } from '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Generates an `index.html` file with the <script> injected.

#### `ExpoInterpolateHtmlPlugin`

```js
import { ExpoInterpolateHtmlPlugin } from '@expo/webpack-config/plugins';
```

Add variables to the `index.html`.

### utils

Tools for resolving fields, or searching and indexing loaders and plugins.

#### `resolveEntryAsync`

```js
import { resolveEntryAsync } from '@expo/webpack-config/utils';
```

## What it does not do

- **Gzip compression:** This was supported in beta but later removed in favor of hosting providers like [Now](http://now.sh/) and [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) automatically compressing files in the server.

## License

The Expo source code is made available under the [MIT license](LICENSE). Some of the dependencies are licensed differently, with the BSD license, for example.

<!-- Footer -->

---

<p>
    <a aria-label="sponsored by expo" href="http://expo.io">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsored_by-Expo-4630EB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=EXPO&labelColor=000&logoColor=fff" target="_blank" />
    </a>
    <a aria-label="expo webpack-config is free to use" href="/LICENSE" target="_blank">
        <img align="right" alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-success.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=33CC12" target="_blank" />
    </a>
</p>

[docs]: https://docs.expo.io/guides/customizing-webpack/
[docs-latest]: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/master/docs/pages/versions/unversioned/guides/customizing-webpack.md
